docs: update envoy docs for changes related to xDS v2->v3 and SoTW->Incremental (#10166)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

protocol variant as the preferred way of conversing with Envoy. Both protocol
variants are supported in this Consul version to facilitate upgrading Consul
and Envoy in a stairstep order to avoid downtime.

In a future version of Consul the v2 State of the World protocol support will
be removed.

| Protocol           | Version | Compatible Envoy Versions | Compatible Consul Versions |
| ------------------ | ------- | ------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| Incremental        | v3      | 1.18.x, 1.17.x            | 1.10.x                     |
| State of the World | v2      | 1.16.x and older          | 1.10.x and older           |

#### Escape Hatches

Any [escape hatches](/docs/connect/proxies/envoy#advanced-configuration) that
are defined will likely need to be switched from using xDS v2 to xDS v3
structures. Mostly this involves migrating off of deprecated (and now removed)
fields and switching untyped config to [typed config](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/v1.17.2/configuration/overview/extension)
with `@type` attributes set appropriately.

xDS v3 syntax has been [supported since Envoy

> 1.13.0](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/v1.13.0/api-v3/api) so this should
> be doable on most earlier versions of Consul+Envoy in advance of the Consul

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.13.0](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/v1.13.0/api-v3/api) so this could
be done on most earlier versions of Consul+Envoy in advance of the Consul
```

1.10.0 upgrade.

As an example, here's a Zipkin integration 
[before](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/v1.9.5/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl)
and [after](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/71d45a34601423abdfc0a64d44c6a55cf88fa2fc/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl)

#### Stairstep Upgrade Path

1. Upgrade Envoy sidecars to the latest version of Envoy that is

>    [supported](/docs/connect/proxies/envoy#supported-versions) by the current
>    running version of Consul and 1.10.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [supported](/docs/connect/proxies/envoy#supported-versions) by the currently
   running version of Consul as well as Consul 1.10.0.
```

1. Determine if you are using the [escape hatch](/docs/connect/proxies/envoy#advanced-configuration)
   feature. If so, rewrite the escape hatch to use the xDS v3 syntax and

>    reconfigure/restart to purge v2 elements from any configs.

Reviewer: What's meant by reconfigure here?

Author: Reconfigure the escape hatch in the service registration. I am not entirely sure you'd always have to restart the envoy proxy for those to 100% pick up but I figured it wouldn't hurt to include that also.

Author: Rephrased

> 1. Upgrade Consul (both servers and clients) in the typical manner to 1.10.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade Consul (both servers and clients), in the typical manner, to 1.10.0.
```

   At this point the existing Envoy instances will continue to speak the v2
   State of the World protocol to the new Consul instances without issue.

1. Once a Consul client is upgraded, use an updated CLI binary to re-bootstrap
   Envoy using [`consul connect envoy`](/commands/connect/envoy) and restart
   that Envoy on the new config so that it switches to the v3 Incremental

>    protocol.

Reviewer: Are these two different steps? Running `consul connect envoy` and then restarting Envoy?

Author: I guess I was thinking of the two distinct steps that are used when this is done in k8s (generate config ; restart envoy). I guess I'll just use more words to explain that there are two different ways to achieve the same thing depending upon how you were running this.

Author: clarified
